For this exercise,
what I want you to do is to go ahead and
just create some custom layouts and then
practice applying it to the various pages.
All right, so for this layout exercise,
what I asked you to do was to create
another custom layout and
just apply it to another page.
So in this particular case, let's go ahead
and let's create a specific layout for
to do items.
So what I'll do is inside of my layouts I
create a new file called to do dot view.
And then so inside of my file now for
the index dot view.
The nice thing about this now,
is that for the, let's see to do ID, so
actually here you have to do is that view.
This is the page I wanna wrap,
because we're actually using a sub page or
the next page.
This means that everything gets inherited
you don't even need to wrap your
ID with it.
Because this is something that
being wrapped by a nested view.
So what we can do, is you can wrap
this inside of a NuxtLayout component.
And this NuxtLayout component will get a,
basically what is the name to do.
And then before I save it, though,
let me make sure I update this it
actually has something to render.
And so, what I'm gonna do actually,
is I'm gonna go ahead and
just grab a BULMA component just to
add something a little bit more fun.
So, we'll do this card right here.
And then I'll just drop it inside of here.
And then what we're gonna wanna do,
is I'm gonna drop the slot
content inside of this content
directory right here, okay?
So once we save that, and we save our to
do, we'll go ahead and we'll take a look.
Let's go inside here, fresh.
Let's go to the to dos, and
then you'll notice, whoa,
this card is blowing up, okay?
We need to fix this layout a little bit.
This card is too big, so, what we can do,
is we can say, all right, not the card.
This is too much.
So the card itself is gonna be
wrapped in a container div.
And then I'm gonna wrap it in one more
section just to hopefully clean it up.
Just a smidge and once we say that,
that looks better.
We could shrink it in more but
I think you'll get the point here, right?
Is that now you can see our to do items,
it's now actually sitting inside of
the card, which is actually pretty nice.
And so, you can imagine all the fun
things you can start to do with this.
We're, yeah, so, if it's a custom item,
I'm gonna do a profile pic, whatever.
There's a lot of fun stuff you can
start to do with layouts as a result.
And so, it's a nice way of kinda having
shared components, styles and stuff.
And I look forward to seeing what you
all do as far as playing around with.